Changes:
X (Works as it should now) Change so you can login using lowercase and uppercase, no matter the case actually
Make it more descriptive around adding links to collections, maybe even a description of what a collection is at the creation page and so on
Better errormessage on add link collection page, something other than invalid url
X (It is now possible to add links that link to different sites, and also to localhost, but that should change, maybe, maybe not) Make it actually possible to post links to a collection
Confirmation box on removal of stuff
Formfield for posting comments
X (Plans laid on ice for now. Will look to implement this later, but at this moment it isn't worth the time since there's a lot of things to do.) Change comments from what it is now to a parent children situation where parent is a foreign key and children is a relationship with a table comment_has_comment with columns parentcommentid, comment id
Removal of comments
A post should be able to directly post to a collection, or something like that. A box to the side where you choose a collection to post in, and then do it?
X (Meh, reddit does it) A posts title shouldn't need to link to itself, should it inside PostView:get
Maybe change creation of categories to a ajax version so that we can validate without redirecting all the time? Or fill in the values that are correct when you failed some vlaidation?
X (Fixed, just a problem with post.html not having the form there) You can comment on your own posts, but not someone elses?
Category id already exists error? Categoryid 3 exists, but why doesn't it get increased? Didn't seem to happen again, odd.
x (Is now a link, but should maybe change to something better, or better text?) Add quicklinks to creation of posts to a category.
X (Only possible by being an admin, but it's possible. Should remove the button if you aren't an admin though) Removal of categories.
X (A default will not be chosen, that was a bad idea.) Change so that if no category is chosen a default one will be chosen for you, preferably something like /c/index or /c/default
